So the feature that I am trying to create is Smart intake for the trucking Owners. So as you have read in @To Panta Founders.md file, the goal of this feature is to take the context about their business from Trucking Business Owners (Our Ideal Customers), to get the intricacies of their business for Insurance and Based on those details, we have to fill the ACORD form for them. Usually Those business owners dont fill out the details properly which causes email ping pong between the broker and the business owner. So the goal of this feature is to reduce the email ping pong and make the process smoother. 
For that what I am trying is to create Questions that are relevant to the business of the trucking owner and based on those questions, we will create a form that will be filled by the trucking owner. The questions should be understandable for a 5th grader. and should be very specific to their industry only. Make it extremely simple for them to fill the form. and at the same time, it should cover all the acord fields from the acord forms 125, 127 that we are handling. So the primary thing is to create that right set of questions. For that I have come up with 4 stages. Hard knockout questions, Risk Classifier questions, Risk specific questions, and finally the ACORD form questions. 
Typically, Business owners are habituated for asking Personal basic details. But I wanted to start with Hard knockout questions that will make us eliminate the unneccessary fields to focus on in Filing acord forms. So that we can focus on the fields that are relevant to the business of that trucking owner's business complexity. This is where usually, we get an Idea that this will not come under Standard Insurance & fall under E&S Insurance. 
Then Risk classifier questions will help us to classify the risk of the business owner. Here is where the questions will be specific to the business of the trucking owner with follow ups needed. For each conditions, there will be multiple options to choose from in general which again depends on the acord forms 125, 127 options present.
Now for stage 3, Skeleton. THese are the questions where we will get the basic details of the business owner & Typically the descriptive answers to the questions will be used to fill the ACORD form. 
Last stage will be the required files to be uploaded. THese are the files that are required to be uploaded to the carrier to get the quote. 
For all these to happen, it is literally mandatory to have a very clear and precise idea about each and every field in the acord forms 125, 127. Because if we dont have that idea, we will not be able to create the right set of questions. 
After taking this input from the User, the work for the Business Owner will be done. But Our work internally starts, where We have to take the User inputs and translate into the Acord form fields to fill it. SO we will have Acord Forms of 125 & 127 PDFs empty that should be filled. So with the inputs that we got, we have to transform those details into the acord form fields to fill it. And the conversion of the details into the acord form fields is where the real work starts. it should be in json or any other efficient format that can be used to fill the acord forms. So that json (or any other efficient format) will be used to programattically fill the acord forms and should be available to download all the set of zip files that are required to be uploaded to the carrier to get the quote. I think you got the idea what I am trying to do.
The output is a perfectly formatted submission packet ready to forward to carriers. What used to take 3 days of back-and-forth now takes 15 minutes. That is the entire moat.
The brand Guidelines are given in @Panta brand Guidelines. Use ShadCN for uniformity and good UI.